label sayoriroute4:
    scene black
    with fade
    s "..."
    s 1bu "..."
    s 1bv "..."
    s "...{i}If happy little bluebirds fly..."
    call sayoriroute41
return

label sayoriroute41:
    "As my eyes slowly open, I stretch slightly and take a deep breath."
    "It takes a moment to realize that I'm lying in my bed."
    "More importantly, however, is the person lying next to me."
    "I look down to see Sayori resting her head on my chest, suddenly conscious of the soft breathing against it."
    "It's not the first time me and her have shared this bed, but it is the first time I took the time to really enjoy this feeling."
    "It's as if a strange sort of {i}fuzzy{/i} feeling is coming from where she's laying on me."
    "I really can't get enough of it." 
    "Originally, the plan was to wake her up, and get done with our morning activities, but maybe staying like this would be best after all."
    "I close my eyes and continue to enjoy the feeling."
    "Soon enough, I feel Sayori begin to stir against me."
    "She pokes my face a few times, probably to see if I'm awake or not."
    "I fake the idea that this action disturbed me from my slumber. After all, having Sayori realize that I watched her sleep... not the best idea."
    mc "Wh-what...?"
    "I say, trying my best to sound drowsy."
    s "Good morning, [player]!"
    "Sayori sounds full of energy already."
    "I didn't take her for a morning person, she was almost always late for school..."
    "Although maybe that has something to do with how things are changing."
    mc "Ohayou, Sayori."
    mc "Can I go back to sleep now?"
    s "Ehehe, that's funny, I was thinking sort of the same thing..."
    "That's kind of shocking. Although, actually, no it isn't."
    s "I really don't want to get out of bed..."
    s "... so maybe we can just, you know, lay here together?"
    mc "Is {i}cuddling{/i} the word you're looking for?"
    "I stop to think."
    "Should I really go through with this?"
    menu:
        "Agree to it.":
            $ SayoriVar += 1
            "Normally, I would despise saying that word."
            "But, strangely, offering to do it with Sayori doesn't at all phase me."
            "In contrast to how I would normally act, Sayori's ecstatic about the idea."
            s "Yay! I'd love to!"
            "Not resisting, I turn to lay on my side, facing Sayori. I wrap my arms around her and she does the same to me, burying her face in my chest."
            "..."
            "What normally happens after this?"
            "I'm reminded that my aversion to this type of thing in the media means that I have no idea what the hell I'm meant to do next."
            mc "Hey, Sayori?"
            s "Yeah?"
            "She turns her head up slightly to look at me."
            mc "What exactly are we supposed to do?"
            s "..."
            mc "I mean, you probably know more about this than I do, don't you? What normally comes next after this?"
            "Sayori seems to think about this question for a moment."
            s "Nothing, really."
            s "Maybe just some talking with each other? Not much else except enjoying the moment."
            "To say I'm not doing the latter would be a lie."
            "Sayori's hair, despite just waking up, looks as it always does."
            "Though that's probably because she doesn't fix her hair in the morning."
            "Not that I mind, though; there's something about this look that's really homely."
            "Having her bright blue eyes staring intently at me, too, is a great feeling."
            "If the eyes are the window to the soul, she's staring directly into mine, and it's enjoying the attention."
            "Plus, the hugging itself isn't bad, either."
            "And I totally got lucky, having a girlfriend that sleeps in underwear."
            "Erm..."
            "Anyway, the point is that \"enjoying the moment\" isn't all too difficult."
            "I only hope Sayori likes it as much as I do."
            s "[player]?"
            mc "Yes, that's me."
            s "Is it weird to say I don't want this to end?"
            "Well, that answers that question."
            mc "No. Actually, I completely agree."
            "And I wasn't lying to her. Barring hunger and thirst, if staying like this was an option, I would take it."
            "Except it does get kind of boring. Maybe I could actually try talking with Sayori about things."
            mc "Hey, Sayori?"
            s "Yeah?"
            mc "What do you think the meaning of life is?"
            "Base level, but it at least gets a discussion going."
            s "Hmm."
            s "I think it's whatever makes you happy!"
            "..."
            "I really should have expected that."
            "Philosophical questions don't seem like Sayori's area of expertise."
            "Although in a cosmic sort of way, she might be right."
            mc "Okay, maybe philosophy isn't a good place to start..."
            mc "How about a more practical question?"
            mc "What should we do when, {i}or if{/i}, we actually get up?"
            s "Hmm..."
            "Sayori seems to be taking the effort to actually think this one out."
            s "Well, we should start out by having breakfast..."
            "...Never mind."
            s "After that... maybe play some more video games?"
            mc "You liked them that much?"
            s "Yeah, it's fun when I don't feel really stupid..."
            "I'll try to avoid the puzzle games, then."
            mc "I've got plenty of games that won't make you feel dumb."
            s "Yay!"
            mc "Hmm... what else? Just video games and food all day?"
            s "Maybe we can go see a movie when it gets late?"
            mc "Yeah..."
            "I don't have the heart to tell Sayori that all the movies that are out right now look awful, especially because she probably has one in mind."
            "I wouldn't mind seeing it with Sayori though."
            s "And then, we can do the best part!"
            mc "And that is?"
            s "Going back to bed, so we can cuddle like this again! I can't wait for that!"
        "Refuse.":
            mc "Sorry, Sayori, but we've got things to do today."
            "She looks sad at first, so I decide to cheer her up."

    scene bg bedroom
    with wipeleft_scene

    "Upon Sayori and myself finally deciding to get out of bed, we go about our morning routine of brushing our teeth..."

    "(At the same time)"

    "Using the bathroom..."

    "(Obviously not at the same time)"

    "Taking quick showers..."

    "(Unfortunately not at the same time)"

    "Then going to the kitchen and making breakfast."

    scene bg kitchen
    with wipeleft_scene
    "After eating our breakfasts of scrambled eggs and toaster waffles, we get situated in the living room and play video games like she had asked."

    scene bg living_room
    with wipeleft_scene
    "We have a lot of fun, before her short attention span kicks in and says..."
    s "I'm getting bored."
    mc "Well, that's a shame. It's almost as if I'd seen that coming."
    s "What are you trying to say, meanie?"
    mc "I just had a feeling you wouldn't wanna make this a full day thing."
    s "Is that so wrong? Maybe I wanna explore other options!"
    mc "I guess you're right, nothing wrong with that."
    "Sayori gives me a warm smile, and I smile back."
    mc "So, what do you wanna do for the rest of the day?"
    s "Ooh, I know!"
    s "Let's watch that movie with the scarecrow in it!"
    mc "...Batman Begins?"
    s "No, not Batman. The one with all the little singing dudes who were happy about the witch being dead!"
    s "And the girl with the ruby red shoes who makes friends with a robot!"
    mc "Sayori..."
    mc "Are you talking about {i}The Wizard of Oz{/i}?"
    s "Oh, yeah, that's it! Let's watch that, it's like my favorite movie!"
    mc "First of all, Sayori, how can you call it your favorite movie if you don't even know the name?"
    mc "Better yet, how do you not know what it's called?"
    mc "Freaking everyone knows what the Wizard of Oz is."
    s "Well, I dunno, I just remember loving it a lot. And that song the girl sang at the beginning."
    mc "Oh, yeah, I know what song you're talking about."
    mc "Because it's literally one of the most popular songs in any movie ever."
    s "You don't have to be a meanie about it."
    mc "Hahaha, sorry, Sayori."
    s "It's okay. So can we watch it together?"
    mc "I don't own it. And even if I did, I don't really like it that much, sorry."
    s "Uuuu, you're no fun."
    s "So, what {i}do{/i} you wanna do today?"
    mc "Hmmm..."
    "That's actually a tough question."
    "You know...there's something that's come to mind, but I need a favor from someone first."
    mc "Give me a second, Sayori, I have to go call somebody."

    scene bg bedroom
    with wipeleft_scene

    "I need to make a phone call to somebody and get them to distract Sayori for a little while."
    "Now...who to call..."

    menu:
        "Who do I call?"
        "Monika": #-= 1 #(Bad option)
            "She seems like the most trustworthy of the bunch."
            "I give the club president a phone call and she picks up."
            m "Hello?"
            mc "H-hey, Monika, good afternoon. How do you do?"
            m "Ahaha~, why are you talking like that [player]?"
            mc "Uh-um, n-no reason."
            "Yeesh, I guess I'm still subconsciously nervous about talking to Monika."
            "After all, I don't think I've called her on her phone before. I hope I'm not intruding on anything."
            "She seems like she has a lot of important stuff going on."
            m "So, why'd you call?"
            mc "(Ahem) Well I kinda need your help with something at the moment. Are you busy?"
            mc "I-I mean I'd understand if you are, m-maybe I should ask someone else, s-sorry for bother--"
            m "Whoa, hey, [player], calm down! I don't have anything going on right now. So what can I help you with~?"
            "Phew, that's a relief."
            mc "So, I want to surprise Sayori today by taking her to a picnic in the park, but I don't want her to see me preparing all the food."
            m "Hehe~, now is that because you want it to be a surprise or because you don't want her to eat anything prematurely?"
            mc "It's Sayori and food. You do the math."
            mc "S-so, I just need you to go to her house, then call her acting like there's something important you need her help with."
            m "Then you want me to distract her for about an hour while you make all the picnic goodies, right?"
            mc "Yes, exactly!"
            mc "S-so, can you help?"
            m "Absolutely! I'm all for romantic gestures and surprises. Just let me know when you're ready."
            mc "Right now would be perfect. Just remember to call her as soon as you get to her house."
            m "You got it. Good luck~!"
            mc "Thank you so much, see ya!"
            "We end the call there."
            "This should be fun. Should only be about a five to ten minute walk for Monika to get to Sayori's place, so in that time I'm going to mentally plan all the foods I want to prepare for us."
            "Let's see, finger sandwiches, rice, fruit salad, and I think I have a little bit of sparkling apple cider tucked away somewhere in the kitchen."
            "{i}Non-alcoholic, of course."
            "Alright, this should work. Now I just gotta wait another four to eight minutes for Monika to reach Sayori's house and--"
            "Eh? My phone vibrated."
            m "{i}I'm at Sayori's place, I'm gonna call her now :)"
            "{i}Holy CRAP, that was fast!"
            scene bg living_room
            with wipeleft_scene
            "I return to the living room to see Sayori, as expected, on the phone."
            s "Oh, you're at my house? Well gosh, that's sudden, sorry I'm not there!"
            s "Important literature club business?"
            s "Uh, sure, but how long do you think it'll take? [player] and I are trying to make plans."
            s "An hour, seriously? Um...well, if it's as important as you say then I guess I don't have much choice."
            s "Okay, I'll be right there. See you."
            "Sayori hangs up the phone and looks at me, having just emerged through the threshold of the living room."
            s "Hey, I'm really sorry but Monika needs me for something! I'll be gone for a little bit."
            s "But I promise we'll come up with something when I get back, alright?"
            mc "No problem, Sayori, do what you gotta do."
            mc "I'll just brainstorm while you're gone."
            "Sayori agrees, then walks toward my front door."
            "I wonder what Monika has planned to keep Sayori distracted for a whole hour."
            "But she's just about the smartest person I know, I have no doubt she'll be good on her feet."
            #(they had lesbian sex)
            "Sayori waves goodbye to me, and the nanosecond I hear the door shut, I dash into the kitchen."
            $ distraction = "Monika"

        "Yuri": #+= 0 #(Neutral option)
            "Yuri seems like a romantic person, I'm sure she's willing to help."
            "Wait, am I mixing up romance with romanticism?"
            "Whatever, I'm sure Yuri will do fine anyway."
            "I give her a call, and wait about ten seconds before she picks up."
            y "H-hello?"
            mc "Hi, Yuri, how goes it?"
            y "Oh! Hi, [player]. I'm having a decent day, how about yourself?"
            mc "I'm good. I was actually hoping for a favor if you weren't busy."
            y "Hm, I had planned to start reading this new novel I'd bought recently but I suppose I can help you if you need me."
            "Hm, I kinda feel bad."
            "Yuri tends to not find much enjoyment out of much more than her reading, and if I ask her for a favor I'll be depriving her of that."
            mc "O-on second thought, maybe I should ask someone else for help."
            mc "See you, Yuri--"
            y "W-wait, hold on! I'm happy to help, don't feel like you're depriving me of anything."
            y "I assure you, I have quite a bit of time on my hands, I can delegate any time I want to read."
            mc "Well damn, it's like you read my mind."
            y "Huhuhu~, I can sense the way my friends feel."
            y "So, what is this favor of yours?"
            mc "Oh, right, that."
            mc "So, I want to surprise Sayori today by taking her to a picnic in the park, but I don't want her to see me preparing all the food."
            mc "And I was hoping that you could spend some time with her to distract her for a little while so she's not with me."
            y "..."
            y "Y-you want me to...distract Sayori?"
            y "Isn't that a bit...deceitful?"
            mc "I'd think it more along the lines of being a romantic gesture."
            y "If you say so..."
            y "Unfortunately, I'm not sure I'm the person for the job."
            y "I'm not exactly a very good liar."
            mc "You don't have to lie, necessarily! Just tell Sayori you'd like to see her at her house."
            mc "She's your friend, I can't imagine that's much of a lie."
            y "Hmm..."
            y "I suppose you're right."
            y "Okay, then, I'll lend you a hand."
            mc "Marvelous!"
            mc "Er, I mean..."
            mc "Cool!"
            y "Huhuhu~, so what would you like for me to do?"
            mc "Well, I'd like you to go to Sayori's house and then call her, telling her you'd like to see her."
            mc "Then she'll go see you, and you can just spend some time with her. Offer to make her tea or something."
            y "I understand. I'll leave my house whenever you need me to, just say the word."
            mc "Right now would be perfect, I'll probably need around an hour to make all our food."
            y "I'll leave now, then, and I'll call her once I reach her house."
            mc "Thank you, Yuri, you're the best!"
            y "Oh? I'd think Sayori would be the best considering all this trouble you're going through to surprise her."
            mc "Heheh, you got me there. Well, thank you again."
            y "You're welcome, [player]."
            "Awesome. So I just gotta wait maybe ten minutes for Yuri to get there, then I can get started."
            "In the meantime, I'll mentally plan all the foods I want to prepare for us."
            "Let's see, finger sandwiches, rice, fruit salad, and I think I have a little bit of sparkling apple cider tucked away somewhere in the kitchen."
            "{i}Non-alcoholic, of course."
            "Alright, perfect. Now I just need to wait about another nine minutes or so for Yuri to get into position."
            "..."
            "{i}I should phrase that better."
            "In any case, I return to the living room and spend the remaining time with Sayori."
            scene bg living_room
            with wipeleft_scene
            s "There you are, where'd you go?"
            mc "I was just taking care of something...with my dad."
            s "Ohhh, okay. What did you talk about?"
            mc "Uh..."
            "Crap."
            "{i}Lie, [player]! Lie like your life depends on it!"
            mc "Just boring stuff, like my funding while they're away."
            s "Oh. That's no fun."
            "Success!"
            "Sayori and I snuggle together on the couch for a few minutes, minding our own businesses on our phones, and I realize that Yuri should be calling Sayori in a matter of moments."
            "Finally, the expected phone call arrives."
            s "Oh, Yuri's calling me."
            "Sayori answers."
            s "Hello?...Hi, Yuri! What's up?"
            s "O-oh, you're at my house? Um...sorry I'm not there right now, but I can come right over!"
            s "New tea? Sounds good! Can [player] come too?"
            mc "Uh..."
            s "Why not?...Ohhh, I get it."
            s "Hehe~, yeah he can be like that sometimes."
            "What in the..."
            "Hey! I can be like what?!"
            s "Well, I'll be right over there. See ya!"
            s "I'm sure you heard. I'll be at my house for a little while."
            s "Sorry, Yuri says no guys allowed!"
            mc "I'm crushed..."
            "I'm being facetious, but admittedly I am wondering what she said about me...this wasn't part of the plan!"
            s "Be back later! After that we can think of more stuff to do today!"
            mc "Sure thing. Have fun!"
            "Sayori walks out the door."
            "Part of me wonders what Yuri has planned to keep her occupied for such a long time..."
            #{daydream sequence; maybe some kind of screen effect to emphasize}
            scene bg sayori_bedroom
            with wipeleft_scene
            s "Say, Yuri, I'm feeling kind of weird."
            s "Is there something in this tea you gave me?"
            y "Oh no, of course not!"
            y "It's just the tea itself."
            y "It's chamomile. You should be falling asleep in approximately eight seconds."
            #[Show sprite of Sayori falling with a thud sound effect]
            y "Hehehehe..."
            #(Then they have lesbian sex)
            #{end daydream}
            scene bg living_room
            with wipeleft_scene
            "My mind goes to weird places sometimes..."
            "Oh well. To the kitchen!"
            $ distraction = "Yuri"



        "Natsuki": #+= 1 #(Good option)
            "She isn't exactly the most agreeable person but she is Sayori's best friend so she should be able to keep her occupied."
            "I call her up, and in a moment she answers."
            n "[player]? What's going on?"
            mc "Why are you talking so quietly?"
            "Seriously, she sounds like a mouse."
            n "Uh, no reason."
            "She speaks up, finally."
            n "What's going on?"
            mc "So here's the deal, I wanted to surprise Sayori with a picnic but I need to make the food in private so she doesn't find out."
            mc "And that's where you come in. I need your help to distract her while I prepare all our food."
            n "Oh! That sounds cool!"
            n "Sure, I'll help you out. What do you need me to do?"
            mc "Great! I just need you to go to her house and tell her you wanna see her, then she'll go over there."
            n "Hm..."
            n "Hey, I'll do you one better. I'll ask her if she wants to bake something with me, then we can bake at her house and you can take some goodies with you on your picnic."
            mc "Natsuki, you're a genius!"
            n "I'm the best, don't you forget it."
            mc "Well actually Sayori's the best, it's why I'm doing all this for her."
            n "Grrr..."
            mc "I-I mean, you're both equally the best."
            n "That's more like it. Now, just give me a minute to gather my baking supplies and go over to Sayori's house."
            mc "Sure thing. Aaaaaand, BREAK!"
            n "Pffft, dork."
            "And with that she hangs up the phone."
            "This should be awesome. And having some of Natsuki's cupcakes should make our picnic that much sweeter."
            "...piss off, cheesy inner monologue."
            "In any case, I return to the living room and spend the remaining time with Sayori."
            scene bg living_room
            with wipeleft_scene
            s "There you are, where'd you go?"
            mc "I was just taking care of something...with my dad."
            s "Ohhh, okay. What did you talk about?"
            mc "Uh..."
            "Crap."
            "{i}Lie, [player]! Lie like your life depends on it!"
            mc "Just boring stuff, like my funding while they're away."
            s "Oh. That's no fun."
            "Success!"
            "Sayori and I snuggle together on the couch for a few minutes, minding our own businesses on our phones, and I realize that Natsuki should be calling Sayori in a matter of moments."
            s "Oh, Natsuki's calling...Hello?"
            s "Hey Natsuki!"
            s "D..."
            s "DID YOU SAy CUPCAKES?!"
            "My eyes go wide as Sayori nearly launches herself off the couch with the speed of a space shuttle."
            s "Oh, we have to bake them first?"
            s "Aw, dang it, I thought they'd be finished already."
            s "Oh well, baking with you sounds like tons of fun, I'd love to!"
            s "Sure, I'll head right over to my place."
            s "'Kay, see ya soon!"
            "She hangs up the call."
            s "I'm gonna go bake some cupcakes with Natsuki!"
            s "Hey, do you wanna come too?"
            mc "Oh, uh...n-no thanks, I don't think I'd enjoy that very much."
            s "Whaaa?! What's not to enjoy about baking cupcakes?!"
            mc "Uh...I don't...like..."
            mc "...Natsuki."
            s "Wait what? You don't like Natsuki? Since when?!"
            mc "Wait, no, that came out wrong. I do like her, I just don't know if she'd want me there if she only invited you."
            s "Ehh?! But that's so different from what you said at firs--"
            mc "Hey, let's not talk about this. Just go have fun with Natsuki, and bring us back some cupcakes, okay?"
            "Sayori lightens up and puts on a smile."
            s "Yeah, okay."
            s "I'll see you soon then!"
            mc "See ya!"
            "Yeesh, that was a close call."
            "My BS'ing chops could use some refining."
            "With cupcakes in Sayori's near future she bolts out the front door back toward her place while she awaits Natsuki's arrival."
            "Once she's out of sight, I jump off the couch and dash to the kitchen."
            $ distraction = "Natsuki"

    scene bg kitchen
    with wipeleft_scene
    "I retrieve bread, rice, and veggies, then start to build our lunch."
    "Cutting all the square bread into little triangles proves to make applying the meat and veggies a little bit difficult."
    mc "Wait, what the hell am I doing?!"
    "I realize it's much easier to make the sandwiches on full square pieces of bread, and then cutting them into triangles."
    mc "Stupid idiot, party of one."
    "For some reason, self deprecation motivates me."
    "I finish the sandwiches in a flash after realizing the easier way to go about it, then I put a pot of water on the stove to make rice."
    "Once the water is boiling, I empty a bag of rice into it and continue to make rice like I've always done."
    "Finally, the fruit salad."
    "I pull apples, grapes, and oranges out of the refrigerator and start cutting, pulling, and peeling in order to create a presentable assortment."
    "I finish the fruit salad, then pull a can of whipped cream out of the fridge to complement it."
    mc "Sayori will like that the most, I think."
    "Everything is finished in about forty minutes."
    "Hm, maybe I could've taken my time just a little bit."
    "But I guess now I have time to look for..."
    mc "Oh, crap."
    mc "I don't think I own a picnic basket."
    mc "Stupid [player], stupid, stupid, stupid!"
    mc "(Sigh) It's fine. I have beach bags I can use."
    "I go to a closet in the hallway and grab a bag I can place all my food into."
    mc "Alright, I think that's good."

    if distraction == "Monika":
        "I sit in the living room catching my breath after that panic picnic preparation and wait for Sayori to come back."
        "As Monika promised, it took almost sixty minutes exactly for Sayori to walk back into my house."
        "If nothing else, you can call Monika trustworthy."
        s "Ugh, that was so {i}boring{/i}!"
        s "I get that I'm vice president and everything but did she really need me for that?"
        mc "W-what was it all about, anyway?"
        s "Stuff about advertising for the club and coming up with more activities for club meetings, regular stuff, but it made me wanna fall asleep."
        mc "Yeesh, that's...unfortunate."
        "I pull out my phone, a little cheesed at Monika."
        "I send her a text."
        mc {i}"What the heck, Monika, I said to distract Sayori, not bore her to tears!"
        "A moment later she replies."
        m {i}"It was deliberate. Trust me, itll make your surprise that much better x3"
        "Hm, I wonder what she means."
        "Maybe Sayori being bored will get her more excited about this picnic?"
        "If that's the case then she did a good job."

    elif distraction == "Yuri":
        "I sit in the living room catching my breath after that panic picnic preparation and wait for Sayori to come back."
        "The very moment my butt hits leather, Sayori walks in the front door, looking extra energetic."
        s "Yuri makes suuuch good tea! I feel on top of the world!"
        "She stands in the center of the living room twirling like a ballerina."
        s "{i}I'm walking on sunshiiine, whooo-ooa!"
        "...This isn't what I expected, but I can't say I'm not enjoying it."
        mc "What was in that tea she gave you?"
        s "Caffeine, sugar, more caffeine, and {i}more sugar!{/i}"
        "This is remarkably different from the daydream I had..."

    elif distraction == "Natsuki":
        mc "I wonder how much longer they have on those cupcakes."
        "I go to the living room and lie down, then close my eyes to rest."
        mc "I think this is going well. I just hope she comes back soon."
        "..."
        "..."
        scene black
        with dissolve
        mc "URNGKH!"
        "I realize I was asleep, and I've now been awoken by...a cupcake?"
        "There's icing all over my face and a cupcake inside of my mouth."
        mc "Gahh..."
        mc "Sayori!"
        s "Ahahahaha~!"
        s "You should've seen the look on your face!"
        s "Wait, I can show you!"
        "She shows me her phone and a video of me, asleep, with her arm, cupcake in hand, approaching my open mouth, then stuffing it, icing first, inside of my mouth."
        "I want to be mad, but I have to admit she got me."
        "Plus the icing tasted good so who am I to complain."
        mc "You little prankster, come here!"
        s "Ahhhhhh! Ahahaha~!! Nooo~!"
        "I chase Sayori around the living room as a measure of revenge, then she stops."
        s "Wait!"
        "Finally she walks to the kitchen counter, places the tray of fresh cupcakes on top of it, then continues running again."
        s "Catch me if you can, meanie~!"
        "I oblige, then chase her around the living room some more, until I corner her, lift her over my shoulder like a fireman, then playfully drop her onto the couch."
        s "Hehehe...you got me~."
        "Quickly she lifts her head and gives me a peck on the cheek."
        mc "That was a nice reward."
        s "That wasn't the reward, that was for me."
        s "This is your reward."
        "Sayori pulls me on top of her and passionately starts to kiss me."
        "As tempting as it would be to take it a step further, I decide to end it there, then continue with our day like I'd planned."

    mc "Hey, Sayori, I have a good idea about what to do today."
    s "Really? What is it?"
    mc "Uh...one sec."
    mc "I run to my bedroom and grab a sleeping mask, then bring it back to Sayori."
    s "We're taking a nap?"
    mc "Ahaha, no silly. Here, put this on, and on top of that close your eyes so you won't be able to see."
    s "Are you sure about this?"
    mc "Come on, don't you like surprises?"
    s "Uuu, yeah I guess I do. Okay, I'll play along, [player]."
    "Sayori beams brightly at me, then with her smile still shining bright I put the sleeping mask over her eyes."
    s "Wow, it's pitch black!"
    mc "Ahaha, perfect. Now, hold my hand, we're going outside."
    s "Wait, what?! Is that safe?"
    mc "Hey you said you'd play along!"
    mc "Besides, don't you trust me?"
    "Sayori hesitates just a bit more this time around but she produces an answer."
    s "Alright, fine, I trust you."
    mc "Perfect! Let's go!"
    "With Sayori's eyes covered, I grab her hand and lead her to the kitchen with the picnic bag, hoping not to shake it around too much so's to not give away the surprise."
    "Finally, we approach my front door then exit my house."
    scene bg neighborhood
    with wipeleft_scene
    "With Sayori's arm interlocked with mine we gingerly walk toward the park close to our neighborhood."
    "I haven't been there in a long time other than just passing through to get to the store or something, and I haven't been there with Sayori in an even longer time."
    "Sayori still seems nervous about walking outdoors with her eyes closed."
    "Honestly, now that we're actually doing it I can't really blame her, but I trust myself enough to not let her--"
    s "WHOA!"
    mc "Oh gosh, Sayori!"
    "Sayori seems to have tripped over a crack in the cement but I was able to pull her back to her foot before she could faceplant."
    s "[player], this is really difficult!"
    mc "Hang tight, we're almost there."
    "We make a right turn and then walk another quarter of a mile before we arrive at the park."
    "I lead us to a nice patch in the middle of the grass, and Sayori takes notice."
    s "Hey, are we on grass now?"
    mc "Uh-huh. Just stand right here, and don't take the mask off until I say so, okay?"
    s "(Sigh)"
    s "Okay..."
    "She seems to be losing some patience, but I think it'll be worth it."
    "I unpack the bag, pull out the blanket, spread across the ground, then individually place the sandwiches, the salad, the rice, and a non-alcoholic beverage around the fabric terrain."

    if distraction == 'Natsuki':
        "I also place the cupcakes front and center for Sayori to see."

    "Taking one final look at the presentation and making sure everything is in a good spot, I turn and look at Sayori."
    mc "Okay, you can take it off!"
    "Rapidly, like she was trying to set a world record, Sayori rips the mask off and slings it away with no regard for the fact that it's mine."
    "I can ignore that for the adorable expression Sayori has on her face at this moment."
    s "[player]..."
    s "Ahhhh~! This is so awesome!"
    s "I love it I love it I love it!"
    s "But wait, when did you even have time to prepare all this?"
    mc "Well, I had a little bit of help."

    if distraction == 'Monika':
        mc "That's why Monika dragged you away to take care of \"important club business\", because I asked her to help me distract you while I made all of this."

    elif distraction == 'Yuri':
        mc "That's why Yuri wanted to see you at your house. I asked her to help me distract you so you wouldn't suspect anything I was doing."

    elif distraction == 'Natsuki':
        mc "That's why Natsuki asked if you wanted to make cupcakes with her today, so that you'd be too preoccupied to know I was preparing all of this for us."

    s "[player]..."
    s "I...don't know what to say..."
    s "You did...all of this...for me?"
    s "A-and...our friend actually wanted to help?"
    s "I...I don't...I don't deserve all this..."
    "Sayori starts to sob lightly."
    "I go over to her and wrap my arm around her shoulder."
    mc "Of course you do. And of course she wanted to help."
    mc "You spend so much of your energy trying to make us all happy as can be."
    mc "It's only natural we try to return the favor, right?"
    mc "Nobody deserves it more than you."
    mc "You're an angel and a blessing."
    mc "I love you so much, Sayori."
    s "(sniffle) I love you too, [player]."
    s "No number of \"thank you\"s could be enough to tell you how much this means to me."
    mc "Just one is enough, trust me."
    mc "Now, let's have lunch."
    mc "I worked really hard on this."
    "Sayori and I sit down on the blanket and start to eat our lunches."
    "She's got nothing but good things to say about the food I made, which makes me happy."
    "Pretty soon after, Sayori speaks up with a mouthful of sandwich."
    s "Mmf, [player], 'ou 'anna 'lay a 'ame?"
    mc "Chew and swallow, Sayori, chew and swallow."
    "She does so, then giggles."
    s "Sorry! I was trying to say, do you wanna play a game?"
    mc "Oh, sure! What'd you have in mind?"
    s "How 'booooout I Spy?"
    mc "That's a little childish, isn't it?"
    s "Hey, I Spy is fun! You just have to get creative with it!"
    mc "Hm, okay, why not."
    "Taking a look around the park, I can see that we're surrounded by a lot of stuff."
    "I have a feeling Sayori could get tricky with this."

    if battleship_played:
        s "Oh, and by the way..."
        s "If you get an answer wrong, you have to take off some clothes."
        mc "W-w-w-what?!"
        s "Ahaha~! I'm joking, we're in public!"
        mc "O-oh."

    s "Come on, let's play."

    #{Commence mini-game from here}
    #{Preferably use Dreams of Love and Literature during it}




   # Sayori descriptions:

    # Strings are separated by commas. Read this as...
    #     The first string is the object you need to find, 
    #     Second string is what comes after "I spy ", 
    #     Third string is what comes after "A hint? Well... "
    #
    # The last two are dummy objects that you can click on, but don't actually have a prompt tied to them (and thus don't have hints either).

    # Format: object,prompt,hint

    #kite,something red,Mine got stuck in a tree!
    #apple,a fruit,I'd be terrified if I were a doctor!
    #big rock,something heavy,Good luck pushing that!
    #big tree,something tall,I want you to climb it later!
   # soccer ball,something round,I'm not sure what your {i}goal{/i} is asking for a hint on this one.
   # bird,something flying,I hope it doesn't poop on us!
   # balloon,something yellow,Don't let it pop!
   # banana,something bent,Don't slip on one!
   # fire hydrant,something important,I've dreamed of being a firefighter growing up!
    #sayori,what you loved to play with,{i}*giggles*{/i} It's a living thing!
    #plane,something fast,It's basically a magical bus!
    #rabbit,someone cute,It's definitely not me! {i}*giggles*{/i}
   # cherry,DUMMY_OBJECT,DUMMY_HINT
    #lamp post,DUMMY_OBJECT,DUMMY_HINT

    # { back to the script }

    s "That was fun, wasn't it?"
    mc "Yeah I have to admit, it was a good time."
    mc "You always have good ideas, Sayori."
    s "Oh, stop. You're the one who planned this whole thing out."
    mc "Hey I'm sure you'd do the same thing for me."
    s "..."
    mc "Sayori?"
    s "[player]..."
    s "Do you really think I'm thoughtful enough for that?"
    mc "W-what are you talking about?"
    s "You planned out this amazing day for me without hesitating even a bit."
    s "You committed to taking me on a picnic as soon as the idea popped into your head."
    s "I just don't think I have the motivation you do."
    s "I don't think...I'm as good to you as you are to me."
    "..."
    mc "Sayori, you really don't have to think that way."
    mc "I did this because I love you and wanted to do something special for you."
    mc "I-I-I wasn't trying to make you feel bad...I'm sorry if I did."
    "Is it possible that this picnic was too extravagant?"
    mc "But Sayori, you've already done plenty of amazing things for me! For instance, that poem you wrote about me for the Literature Club not too long ago!"
    s "That's different, [player], that was an assignment."
    mc "Still, you didn't have to write about me, but you did anyway. I'm touched by that."
    s "Well to tell you the truth..."
    s "You're the only good thing about my life right now."
    s "Of course I'm gonna write about you."
    s "I have nothing else going for me at all."
    mc "Sayori, if that's how you feel, then I'm in the same boat."
    mc "If I wasn't with you then I have no idea where my life would be right now."
    s "I think you'd probably be dating someone else."
    mc "Oh yeah? Like who?"
    s "Monika, probably."
    s "She's got so much going for her, and I'm sure that if you were dating her, she'd be thoughtful enough to make you a picnic like this..."
    s "Or throw you surprise birthday parties..."
    s "Or cook food for you without burning it!"
    s "[player], why do you even like me?!"
    if confront_about_jacket == True:
        s "All I do is mess things up and make everyone mad like with Monika's jacket!"
        s "Or Natsuki and Yuri's argument about us in club!"
    else:
        s "All I do is mess things up and make everyone mad like when Natsuki and Yuri started arguing about us!"

    s "I'm a complete failure, you shouldn't want to be with me!"
    mc "Sayori!"
    mc "Please please please relax!"
    "I pull Sayori toward me and shush her as she sobs into my shoulder."
    s "You shouldn't want me, [player]."
    mc "Yes I should, and I do."
    mc "I've never once been upset with something you've done."
    mc "When you burned the eggs, I didn't care. I was happy you wanted to make me breakfast."
    if confront_about_jacket == True:
       mc "When Monika got mad at you for the jacket, I defended you."

    mc "When Natsuki and Yuri got into that fight, it wasn't your fault whatsoever!"
    mc "Nothing that happens is as bad as you make it out in your head, Sayori, you don't need to feel so bad."
    s "I'm even bad at knowing when to feel bad..."
    s "I hate this endless cycle, [player]."
    s "I hate how my head works."
    s "I just want it to stop forever."
    mc "I'll help you, Sayori. There are steps we can take. Nothing is impossible."
    "Sayori stays silent, simply getting her breathing back to normal after a few minutes of crying."
    "I want her to relax, I really do."
    "I stroke her along the length of her back to calm her down, and I kiss her on the top of her head."
    "I whisper to her..."
    mc "You can do this, Sayori. I believe in you."
    "Sayori squeezes me tighter."
    "We lie there for what feels like hours, with nothing but the sound of animals and kids playing in the park."
    "As we do so, she speaks up for the first time in quite some time."
    s "I think I'm ready to finally go."
    #{It's assumed she means, "go home", but perhaps she means "go" in another way (Oof)}
    "Agreeing with her, I take her hand and help her up off the floor."
    "Together we clean and pack up our picnic, then head back to my house."



   # {H-scene goes here}
    #{Set-up: arrive home from picnic, Sayori wants to repay MC and also satiate her needs, therefore, sex, naturally}

   # {Will do this down the line somewhere}
