label sayoriroute5:
    scene black
    with fade
    s "..."
    s "..."
    s "..."
    s "...{i}That's where you'll find...me..."

    call sayoriroute41
return

label sayoriroute51:
#{Interlude between h-scene and scene 8 includes a sequence of Sayori in the dark of MC's bedroom crying, then leaving}
#{Scene starts in the morning}

"I open my eyes after an eventful night, and eight well-earned hours of sleep."
"After what Sayori and I did yesterday, the sheets are noticeably...wetter."
"I don't see Sayori next to me, so I assume she's in the bathroom and will walk back in at any moment, meaning I should probably just wait for her..."
"...Unfortunately, my bodily functions have other plans."
"I suddenly have to use the bathroom like a wild dog."
"I stand up, then power walk to the bathroom at the end of the hall, which in this scenario is quite a harrowing journey."
"I knock on the door to get Sayori's attention."
mc "Sayori I hope you're brushing your teeth because I'm coming in and I need to use the toilet!"
"I open the door, then take myself to the glorious porcelain structure."
"I perform my activities, and breathe a deep sigh of relief after a pretty agonizing 45 seconds."
"My mind is so focused on the relief, that it takes me a few moments to realize..."
mc "Oh, Sayori isn't in here."
"I don't know why I said that out loud. Perhaps to prove to the ghost that lives in the shower drain that I'm not crazy."
"Regardless, I finish using the bathroom, then leave."
"I go back to my room to see if Sayori returned from wherever she was while I was doing my business."
"She isn't."
mc "Huh."
mc "Sayori?"
"I call her name out, expecting a response, but get none."
mc "Sayoriii!"
"I do the same, slightly louder, but receive the same emptiness."
"I'm certainly confused, but I realize, she must've gone home to get something."
"In that case, I expect she'll be back in the next 20 minutes."
"I decide to adjourn to the kitchen to make us some breakfast for when Sayori comes back."
"Considering what she told me yesterday about not feeling like she does enough for me, I choose to not make anything too special."
"Eggs and toast should be sufficient."
"I'm thankful that my cooking skills have become at least passable over the last few years, otherwise I'd be in a lot of trouble."
"As I finish making our food, I check the time."
"I started cooking about ten minutes ago."
"Hopefully Sayori comes back soon."
"I consider calling her, but I feel like she doesn't want to be treated like a child all the time."
"I decide to wait, while taking small bites of my food."
"Eating by myself isn't an issue to me, but there's something that amplifies how depressing it can be when you're watching steam float off the plate on the other end of the table."
"Regardless, I choose to wait for Sayori."
"One minute...two minutes...three minutes..."
"Four minutes...five minutes...six minutes..."
"Seven minutes...eight minutes..."
"Nine...minutes..."
"Um, okay, something feels off now."
"I still haven't heard from Sayori and she hasn't come back."
"I think I should call her."
"I decide to go stand outside and get some fresh air, which is certainly needed after last night."
"Plus, maybe Sayori will be on her way back as I'm calling her."
"On the porch, I call her phone."
"It's ringing, but she doesn't pick up."
"I listen more closely, then I hear something faint in the distance."
"I keep trying to call her phone, but now I'm walking toward the sound I hear."
"The closer I get to it, the more concerned I become."
"Because the closer I get to the noise, the more recognizable it becomes."
"And the closer I get to the noise, the more I realize where I'm headed."
"Once I finally reach the noise..."
"{i}I'm at Sayori's front door."
"My heart drops, because I see Sayori's phone sitting on her porch, but no Sayori."
"With no regard for the safety of my own phone, I drop it, then barge into Sayori's house."
"I walk inside and start yelling her name."
mc "Sayori!"
mc "Sayori, are you here? Please tell me you're here!"
"I dash up to her bedroom and go inside."
mc "Sayori?!"
"She isn't here."
mc "{i}Dammit!"
"I look throughout the rest of her house."
"No sign of Sayori anywhere."
"I feel so helpless right now."
"My girlfriend is missing and I have no way of finding her."
"I have to do something..."
"Anything..."
"I have an idea, then I run back outside."
"I spot where I dropped my phone on the concrete."
"I pick it up and see that the screen is shattered."
mc "Dammit, dammit, no, not now!"
mc "Come on please still work..."
"I turn it on and unlock it, and thankfully the touchscreen is still responsive."
"As long as that's the case, I can deal with this phone issue much later."
"Right now, I'm in desperate need of help, and I know just who to call."

if distraction == 'Monika':
    mc "Pick up, pick up, pick up..."
    m "{i}Hello?"
    mc "Monika!"
    m "{i}Hey, [player], is everything--"
    mc "Monika, is Sayori with you?!"
    m "{i}N-no, I'm sorry, she's not. You haven't seen her?"
    mc "Not since last night. When I woke up this morning she was gone, and she left her phone at home, and Monika I'm really scared--"
    m "{i}Hey, hey, [player], please try to relax, okay? I'm sure she's fine."
    m "{i}Listen, do you want me to help you find her?"
    mc "Yeah I'd really appreciate that, Monika."
    m "{i}Okay, I'll be over there in a few minutes, just stay where you are."
    m "{i}We're going to find her. Everything will be okay."
    mc "Th-thank you, Monika."
    
    "About eight minutes later, Monika's in the neighborhood."
    m "I got here as fast as I could, [player]."
    m "Tell me, where do you think Sayori could've gone to?"
    mc "I-I'm really not sure. If anywhere I thought she'd be at her house, or with you talking about the club."
    m "I'm sorry, I wish she was."
    m "Let's just survey the neighborhood and see if we can find her anywhere."
    m "Maybe we can ask some of your neighbors if they've seen her around."
    "I take a few breaths, and I try to suppress my crying."
    "After the talk Sayori and I had at the park yesterday, I struggle to think about where she could've gone or why she decided to leave."
    "Monika notices my struggle."
    m "We'll find her."
    "Monika puts her hand on my shoulder and I nod, determined to find Sayori."
    "Like she suggested, we decide to walk around the entire neighborhood, and I even knock on a few doors of neighbors I'm decently familiar with."
    "Every one of them told me the same thing."
    "'{i}I haven't seen her.'"
    "My tongue grows numb over these several minutes from saying the words, "Thanks, anyway.""
    "Every time I get an answer I don't want, another image of Sayori crying pops into my head."
    "I can't just let her be all alone out there, wherever she is."
    "I can't let her be alone with her thoughts like I'm alone with mine right now."
    m "[player], I hope you know you aren't alone right now."
    "{i}Did she just read my mind?"
    m "If you've got something to tell me, I want you to."
    "Monika's being a lot more supportive than she's ever been before."
    "This change in her demeanor really makes me feel closer to her as a friend."
    "Up to this point, she's always just struck me as the president of the club, and someone who's in a league above me, but I'm starting to realize now..."
    "She's only human, like me. She's capable of being a friend."
    "I'm grateful to her for that at this moment, so I owe her the whole truth."
    mc "Monika, yesterday, on our picnic, Sayori started to feel really down on herself."
    mc "She thought that me doing all of that for her was proof that I'm better to her than she is to me, and it made her feel insecure."
    mc "All I could do was convince her otherwise, because when she has those kinds of thoughts, I feel responsible for making sure she doesn't have them anymore."
    mc "When she's not around, I feel like she's in a lot of danger."
    mc "She's trapped with her thoughts..."
    mc "With her....{i}rainclouds."
    mc "It's why I've constantly tried so hard to make her feel better, and I've been willing to do just about anything to get her mind off things."
    mc "Sayori can't be by herself in her condition."
    mc "I love her and when I started to date her, I vowed to protect her however I can."
    "I realize that tears are pouring down my cheek as I tell all of this to Monika."
    "I can't say I've let myself be vulnerable to anybody like this before."
    "But I know I can trust Monika to be supportive."
    m "[player]..."
    m "I don't think you realize how great of a person you are."
    m "Sayori's lucky to have you."
    mc "(sniffle) Thank you, Monika."
    mc "I'm just at a loss for what to do now."
    mc "Without her phone on her, and without anyone seeing her, she might as well have fallen off the face of the earth."
    m "I know you don't want to, but I think it'd be best for you if you went home for a little while."
    m "Just try getting your mind off things, and I'll go look for her."
    m "I'll call you if anything comes up, okay?"
    "I can't find it in myself to go home at a time like this, but I feel compelled to trust Monika's judgement."
    mc "O-okay, Monika. I'll talk to you soon."
    m "See you later, [player], I'll do my best."
    m "And hey, who knows, maybe Sayori will be at home now!"
    "I have my doubts about that, but I thank Monika for saying anything to keep me reassured."
    
elif distraction == 'Yuri':
{ In the Yuri branch, Yuri has trouble finding the right things to say to MC and starts to feel bad.}
    "I take a deep breath and try to steady myself."
    "Yuri will know what to do."
    "I pick up the phone and dial her number with shaking hands."
    "The phone barely has time to ring before she picks up."
    mc "Hey Yuri." 
    y "Hey [player], what's the matter?"
    "I guess even Yuri can read my voice right now."
    mc "Sayori ran away."
    y "What do you mean?"
    mc "Well, when I woke up this morning she was gone, I checked my house and hers, and all I could find was her phone that she left on her front porch." 
    y "I didn't realize Sayori would do something like that."
    mc "I didn't either. She seemed to be working through her d- problems, pretty well."
    y "Why did you call me, of all people?"
    mc "Well, you helped me out a lot with the picnic, and you're so reliable during meetings."
    y "O-oh, well, thank you, [player]. Do you want my help looking for her?"
    mc "If you wouldn't mind, that would help me a lot right now."
    y "I'll be there as quickly as I can."
    mc "Thank you so much."
    y "No problem, see you soon."
    "Yuri hangs up the phone."
    
"About 10 anxious minutes go by before I hear the doorbell ring."
    "I open the door and greet Yuri, before stepping out onto the porch with her."
    y "So, you said you've checked your house and hers?"
    mc "Yeah, I searched both top to bottom. I can't think of any reason she would be hiding in her house or mine anyways."
    y "Well, I'll take your word for it. Where else do you think she could have gone?"
    mc "I can't think of many places she would have gone. Maybe somewhere around town?"
    y "I've noticed her around the coffee shop I go to sometimes, maybe she could be around there?"
    mc "Yeah, we've been there, I think."
    y "Okay, let's go."
    "We take the familiar path up to the city, and even with Yuri around it feels lonely."
    y "Is this the place?"
    "We stand in front of the coffee shop."
    mc "Yeah, me and Sayori have come here a few times."
    "Stepping inside, the store is fairly empty, with only a few people sitting around the small tables."
    "We look around and Yuri even checks the bathroom, but Sayori is nowhere to be found."
    y "I don't think she's here."
    "My breath catches a little with disappointment, and the worry on Yuri's face grows."
    mc "H- have any other ideas?"
    "Yuri notices my voice shaking."
    y "I'm sure we'll find her soon. It might be a long shot, but there's this bookstore I go to sometimes, and I've taken her there with me once. Maybe she went there for some reason?"
    mc "Yeah..."
    "I trail off as we walk back outside."
    "We walk through the busy streets for a while before eventually ending up at the bookstore."
    y "Well, this is the place."
    mc "After you, h- haha"
    "I shakily laugh"
    "Yuri gives me a faint but worried smile and heads inside, with me following her."
    y "I'll check this side, you check from the other."
    mc "Okay, sounds good."
    "We check the store, the narrow aisles making covering a lot of ground difficult."
    "Eventually we meet up at the front of the store again."
    mc "Did you find anything?"
    "I ask, already knowing the answer."
    "Yuri frowns."
    y "No, nothing. Did you?"
    mc "No, I didn't find anything either."
    y "I think we should head back, it's starting to get late."
    mc "What?! We can't stop looking now, what if she got lost?"
    y "I'm not sure she could have gotten lost..."
    mc "Well, what if she-"
    "I notice how much Yuri is starting to worry"
    y "I- I'm sorry I wasn't of much help today."
    mc "No, you helped me a lot. It would have taken me forever to look through the entire bookstore alone."
    y "Still, I've just been useless all day. I only sped up some stuff a little."
    y "You should have asked Monika or Natsuki for help, I'm sure they would have thought of something better."
    mc "At least you thought of something, all I did was worry."
    y "I've been useless all day, [player]."
    mc "Don't say that, I--"
    "I sigh, defeatedly."
     "It's hard to listen to Yuri so down on herself."
    "Partly because she's my friend and I don't like hearing her say these things, and partly because I feel like I'm talking to Sayori again."
    "But...I'm not."
    "She's still not here."
    "{i}Why would she do this to me after everything we've been through?"
    mc "Why do you think Sayori would do something like this?"
    y "It's possible she thought she was still a burden to you."
    mc "Yuri, I've been with her for months now! If she had those problems we would have worked through them together, she's past that."
    y "All I'm saying is that these things can take a lot of time to work through, I know what it's like."
    mc "Sorry, but you and Sayori aren't the same person! Plus, I've been helping her through it this whole time. She's better than that."
    y "Y- You're right. I'm sorry."
    y "I really haven't been any help after all."
    "I sigh."
    mc "No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have blown up on you like that."
    mc "You've been a big help to me just by being here."
    y "Th- thanks." 
mc "I think we should get going now, it's getting dark."
    y "Right."
    "We walk back to my house together and stop at my front door."
    mc "Thanks so much for helping me look for her."
    y "Don't worry about it, this is very important to me too."
    y "And thank you for consoling me earlier."
    mc "Yeah, I can say the same to you."
    "We both laugh weakly."
    y "Well, I should get going right now. I have some things to do at home as well."
    mc "Sure, I'll see you tomorrow."
    y "Hopefully Sayori will be back by then."
    mc "I really hope so."
    "As I watch Yuri turn the corner, I unlock my front door and step inside."
    "I sigh and flop down on the couch."
    
    

    
    

#{ In the Monika branch, Monika helps to reassure MC that Sayori will be okay. }
#{ I'd say about two pages are needed here to match the Monika branch. Have MC and Yuri search for Sayori around town instead of the neighborhood, like around the library and cafe }




elif distraction == 'Natsuki':
#{ Natsuki feels scared about Sayori, and MC ends up having to comfort her instead }
#{ They look for her around school }

"Like yesterday, I call up Natsuki."
"She answers pretty quickly."
n "{i}Hello?"
mc "Natsuki, do you know where Sayori is?!"
n "{i}N-no, I don't. S-Sayori's missing?"
mc "Yes, and I have no idea what to do. She left her phone on her porch, I have no way of finding her."
n "{i}Where have you tried looking?"
mc "Not a lot of places yet...just around our houses."
n "{i}Maybe she just wanted to be by herself somewhere."
n "{i}Y-yeah, I'm sure that's it."
mc "Natsuki, are you okay?"
n "{i}Huh?"
n "{i}Oh, yeah, I'm fine."
n "{i}Um, so listen, I know you probably want my help looking for her, so what do you say we meet at school?"
mc "W-why at school?"
n "Well, first of all because it's right in the middle of where both live."
n "And second, well..."
n "I'll tell you when we get there."
"Without a warning, Natsuki hangs up the phone, leaving me no choice but to follow her instructions and meet her at school."

"About ten minutes later I've walked the familiar walk from my neighborhood to our school, and see Natsuki standing by the front gate."
n "H-hey, I'm glad you came."
mc "I should be saying that to you."
mc "Thank you for helping me out."
mc "I just can't imagine where Sayori might've gone to."
mc "After today I owe you big time."
n "D-don't say things like that, [player], Sayori's my friend too."
n "I want her to be okay, I don't owe you anything."
mc "If you insist."
mc "S-so, uh, I guess let's go in and start looking."
n "Y-yeah."

"Natsuki and I walk around the first floor of the school and don't find much."
"We come across some students who have obligations to attend to over the weekends, like designing banners for school events and whatnot."
"We also come across teachers who have meetings or the like among each other."
"We keep asking around if anyone has seen Sayori."
"I'll admit, a lot of the students are wearing street clothes, and I didn't recognize many of them because of that."
"If Sayori was here, I'd imagine some people would also have the same trouble, if not for her big red bow."
"Thinking about Sayori's bow makes me smile momentarily, but then I break down a little bit."
"I stop walking and prop myself up against the wall."
n "Hey are you okay?"
mc "..."
n "[player], come on."
mc "I...I can't..."
n "[player], c-come on, don't be a dummy."
n "Look, we haven't even checked the clubroom yet."
n "If she's at school, I'd bet a million bucks that's where she is."
"All I can do is nod, and let Natsuki take the lead."

"We walk up a flight of stairs and walk down the hallway that I've become very well-acquainted with this year."
"Seeing the pep in Natsuki's step as she leads us toward the clubroom gives me some confidence."
"She's doing everything she can to make me feel better, and feel confident that we'll find Sayori here."
"She did such a good job, that for a moment there, I was certain that we'd find Sayori in the Literature Club room when we opened the door."

"Natsuki reaches the door to the clubroom and swings it open."
n "Sayori! You in here?"
"No response."
"Just like that, I lose all my faith and I'm back to square one."
n "She's...not here."
n "B-but that's okay, I'm sure she's somewhere."
mc "Natsuki..."
n "We still have the cafeteria to check."
n "Maybe she's looking for something to eat."
mc "Natsuki--!"
n "W-well I guess if she was at your house she wouldn't have to come all this way for some food."
n "But it doesn't hurt to look!"
mc "Natsuki!"
"Natsuki stops dead in her tracks."
"I've never raised my voice like that to her, and it seems like she squirms at the sound."
mc "I'm...I'm sorry for yelling, but..."
mc "I don't think she's at school."
mc "We've checked pretty much everywhere."
n "Um..."
n "N-not everywhere!"
"Next thing I know, Natsuki's walking out the door, then wordlessly begins leading me somewhere else."
"We approach a staircase and climb it, then see a door out to the roof."
"{i}Does Natsuki really think Sayori would be up here?"
"Natsuki opens the door out to the roof and starts looking around, and only after she's already walked across the entire surface is when I humor her and walk out there myself."
n "Sayori!"
n "Sayoriiii!"
mc "Natsuki, she isn't here."
mc "What makes you so sure she would've come up here anyway?"
n "..."
n "It's...because..."
n "This is where Sayori and I became friends."
mc "W-wait, really?"
"Natsuki nods."
n "This place is special to me. It's where the best friendship I've ever had started."
n "Before I joined the club, I'd come up here to read manga, then one day, out of nowhere, Sayori showed up."
n "I had actually recognized her from a time we met at the vending machines."
n "She was actually really excited to see me for some reason, and we talked for a little while."
n "That's when she convinced me to join the Literature Club."
mc "I...I never knew that part."
"Now that I think about it, Sayori did say she'd tell me that story later."
n "Th-that's why I thought she'd be at school, and why I thought she'd be up here."
n "I guess I just think more of that moment than she does."
n "For her, it was probably one of a bunch of happy moments she has every single week."
n "For me...it was life-changing."
"This is crazy to hear."
"I knew Natsuki and Sayori were close, but I didn't think Sayori meant that much to Natsuki."
mc "Natsuki, I think you're wrong about something."
mc "I guarantee you that moment was as important to Sayori as it was to you."
mc "Believe it or not, happy memories like that are few and far between for her."
mc "If this is where she became best friends with someone so near and dear to her, then..."
mc "I think you had the right idea in mind."
mc "I just really wish she was up here."
n "[player]..."
mc "Yeah, Natsuki?"
n "I'm scared."
n "I don't want Sayori to be missing."
n "I want to find her more than anything."
"Natsuki starts crying, and reluctantly I walk up to her and give her a hug."
"I start sniffling back, and a single tear pours down my cheek."
mc "I wanna find her too."
mc "I can't let her be alone."
"After Natsuki and I accept defeat at the school, we both decide to go home."
"It stings to have not gotten anywhere, but at a time like this, where both Natsuki and I are in distress, it's best for us to take a break."


{PATHS RECONVERGE HERE}
    "I arrive at home once again, feeling as defeated as any one person can feel."
    "I keep asking myself if there's something I could've done differently."
    "The thought of driving Sayori away stings more than any wasp or scorpion ever could."
    "I lie on my bed, breaking down more and more each passing second."
    "I groan, moan, and bloan, which is not even a word yet I do it anyway."
    "My nose is red, and tears continue to pour down my cheeks."
    mc "Sayori..."
    mc "Sayori...!"
    mc "Dammit, Sayori, where are youuu?!"
    "I must look pathetic right now, but if a bus full of judgmental eighth graders passed through my bedroom right now, I wouldn't care."
    "There's nothing in the world that can take me lower than I am right now."
    "A half hour passes at home, and I don't hear from anyone."
    "The more silence that persists inside my bedroom outside of my involuntary noises, the more hope I lose."
    "What could I have done differently to keep Sayori around?"
    "Was I not supportive enough of her?"
    "Is it possible I was {i}too{/i} supportive of her?"
    "Whatever the case may be, these thoughts continue to haunt me."
    "It seems as though I'm finally experiencing what Sayori refers to as a raincloud."
    "I open my busted phone and go over to my photos."
    "I look at the pictures Sayori and I have taken over the last number of months and years."
    "The innocent look of ignorance inhabits my face in every single one, while on Sayori's face, I can detect the pain in her eyes."
    "I can't believe I never knew about her depression before recently."
    "I should have been more attentive."
    "I should have helped her sooner."
    "But now I can't help but feel like it's my fault she's missing."
    "I drop my phone on my bed beside me, then slam my head against my pillow multiple times."
    mc "God dammit, god dammit, god dammit!"
    "I'm a miserable creature."
    "I stop hurting myself only to hear my ears ringing..."
    "Then when that ringing stops, I hear...a different ringing."
    "It's my phone!"
    "I pick it up, hoping it's a friend with good news."
    "I look at my screen and see nothing but a phone number with a local area code."
    mc "You gotta be kidding me."
    "Any other day I'd hang it up completely, but at this point, I'll answer anything."
    "I answer the call."
    mc "H-hello, [player] speaking."
    "..."
    "I hear nothing for a moment, and prepare to hang up, that is until, out of the corner of my ear I hear..."
    s "[player]?"
    "Oh my god."
    mc "Sayori?! Sayori, is that you?!"
    s "Y-yeah, it's me, [player]."
    mc "Sayori, where did you go? Why did you leave? What's going on?!"
    "Sayori's voice is gentle, completely opposite of mine."
    s "[player], do you remember when we were little, and we used to go to that pond?"
    "My memories are a tad hazy at this moment, especially, but I manage to reclaim a memory from once upon a time."
    "Then another, then another, then another until the entire anthology of Sayori and myself is as plain as day."
    mc "I think so, Sayori."
    s "Hehe...come find me."
    "The call ends."
    "I sit there motionless, feeling so many things at once."
    "I know Sayori likes to play games, but at a time like this..."
    "Still, I know where she is, and I know how to find her again, and that's more than I was able to say just five minutes ago."
    "I leave my room with all my necessary belongings, then prepare to make the trek back to a place from my childhood."
    "I take a deep breath, and I exit my house."
    "In a sheer moment my mind recalibrates itself to how it was when I was 11 years old."
    "I take a turn out of my street, then walk a block down."
    "I take a right at the big sakura tree (it's not in season, but I still very distinctly remember the tree itself)."
    "Then I walk down the rocky path that leads to the pond."
    "It's a walk Sayori and I took about a hundred times when we were kids."
    "It's no small source of memories for me."
    "And to think I never even thought to look for her at this pond..."
    "{i}Have we really grown up that much?"
    "As I approach the water on the horizon, I look directly forward."
    "In the distance, I see..."
    "Sayori."
    "The love of my life."
    "The girl I thought I lost today."
    "I see her, still wearing her pajamas from last night."
    "I take a closer look at her and notice that she's completely barefoot."
    "I wonder if she was sleepwalking last night."
    "She's never had that issue in the past."
    "Besides, if she was sleepwalking, would she have gone out of her way to leave her phone on her porch?"
    "I put these thoughts aside as I get closer to her, then I stand to her right and see her face."
    "She's drowning in her own sweat, or tears, or both."
    "Her bare feet are colored dirt brown and concrete black from walking around all day with no shoes."
    "Her hair is a complete mess, and she doesn't have her bow on."
    "{i}What the hell did you put yourself through today, Sayori?"
    "I have to imagine the look of terror I have on my face is alarming."
    "Sayori finally turns her head up toward me."
    "She puts on a smile, then tilts her head."
    s "Congrats."
    s "You win."

{END SCENE}

label sayoriroute53:
 "There's a lot of things going through my head right now, namely in regards to my first action here."
    "I don't know whether to scold Sayori, or celebrate finding her."
    "Something tells me that Sayori herself doesn't even know what she expects or deserves here."
    "My brain goes into overdrive. Truth be told, I'm very overstimulated right now."
    "All I can really do is..."
    mc "Sayori!"
    "I throw myself onto Sayori and start sobbing. I squeeze her in a tight embrace, possibly tighter than any human should hug another human."
    "I can't tell how Sayori is feeling now, but I realize she isn't hugging me back."
    mc "S-Sayori..."
    mc "I was so scared..."
    "Sayori's arms are still limp at her side."
    "I've never seen her look so...drained."
    s "[player]..."
    mc "Yeah, Sayori?"
    s "...would you please let go of me?"
    "I feel like an arrow has gone through my heart hearing this."
    "I do as she asks, but I feel like I've reached a new level of worthlessness."
    mc "Sayori...what's going on with you?"
    "She doesn't answer me right away."
    "I continue to look her in the eye to encourage me to tell me."
    mc "Sayori, I spent all day looking for you."
    if distraction == 'Monika':
        mc "I asked Monika to help me look for you around the neighborhood."
    elif distraction == 'Yuri':
        mc "I asked for Yuri's help to look for you around town."
    elif distraction == 'Natsuki':
        mc "Natsuki and I tried looking for you around school. She was so worried."

    mc "I'm just having such a hard time trying to understand why you did this, Sayori..."
    mc "Ever since you told me about your depression, I've done all I could to help you feel better."
    mc "I told you once upon a time that I would make this go away, and I've worked so hard to do exactly that."
    mc "I just feel so..."
    "Don't say it."
    "Hear her out."
    "Don't bring your own feelings into this."
    "Learn from the past."
    mc "Sayori, will you please explain why you did this?"
    s "..."
    s "...I feel like I'm at the end of my rope, [player]."
    s "You've let me drag you down for too long."
    s "Compared to what you've done to make me happy, I've done nothing."
    s "I'm more worthless than the dirt on my feet right now."
    mc "Don't say that, Sayori!"
    s "But it's {i}true{/i}, [player]!"
    s "How can I ignore something so true?!"
    s "I used to be so proud of myself for being able to put a smile on all my friends' faces, but lately all I've done is make things worse!"
    s "Making other people happy is the only thing that gave me a purpose."
    s "It's the only thing that I was any good at."
    s "But now even you've proven that I was never any good at that to begin with."
    s "That picnic you made for me..."
    s "It proved that all I do is burden people."
    s "I've tried so hard to convince myself it's not true, but..."
    s "The more time I spend with you, the more I realize how pointless my existence is."
    s "All I do is think about ways to make people happier."
    s "I think about ways to help Monika's role as club president easier, but all I'm capable of is getting on her bad side."
    s "I think about how I can help Yuri feel more comfortable around each of us, but all that happens is she closes herself off even more."
    s "I think about ways to make the Literature Club feel like a home away from home for Natsuki, but she just keeps getting angrier and angrier at everyone all the time."
    s "It's all just been a giant mess because of me."
    s "And to top everything off, you go out of your way to plan such amazing days for me. Why?"
    s "What have I done for you lately?"
    s "I'm no good at anything."
    s "I'm no good to anyone."
    "..."
    mc "No, Sayori..."
    mc "I'm the one who's no good to anyone."
    mc "I've done everything I can to stop you from having these thoughts and you're still having them."
    mc "What does that say about me?"
    mc "The picnic, the games we've played, the endless hours we've spent with each other have all been for you, because I love you until the day I die."
    mc "But it's still not enough to get rid of those damned rainclouds."
    s "[player]...you have nothing to be ashamed of."
    s "There's nobody and nothing that can make the rainclouds go away."
    s "They're here to stay."
    s "So if you'd rather spend the rest of your life with a clear conscience and without someone like me weighing you down, then..."
    s "I think you should go now, and leave me."
    "{i}What is she saying all of a sudden?"
    mc "Sayori, are you... breaking up with me?"
    s "..."
    s "That's a strong phrase to use."
    s "I'd rather say that you're now...relieved of me."
    s "I'm not your responsibility anymore, [player]."
    s "Now go, before I keep ruining your life!"
    mc "Sayori--"
    s "I SAID GO!"
    mc "Sayori!"
    s "Get out of my head, get out of my head, get out of my head..."
    mc "SAYORI!"
    s "--!"
    mc "We can't end things like this."
    mc "We're supposed to have a happy ending."
    s "I...can't..."
    "..."
    "My whole world is sitting in front of me."
    "Sayori's my whole life."
    "What are you meant to do when everything you've been responsible for saving is just ready to give up?"
    "It would be as if the earth itself stopped spinning."
    "My whole life is flashing before my eyes as I see Sayori ready to throw us away."
    "As it flashes by...I catch a glimpse of the two of us as children, sitting in front of this very pond..."
    
    {flashback to Sayori and MC as kids}
    s "Hey, [player], you remember that movie we watched last year, with the farm girl and the lion and the scarecrow?"
    s "What was that movie called? {i}The Lizard of Moss{/i}?"
    mc "That's {i}Wizard of Oz{/i}, Sayori. Everybody knows that."
    s "Hehehe~, right, that's what it was called."
    s "What was your favorite part of that whole movie?"
    mc "Honestly, I didn't really like it all that much. I thought it was kinda boring and cheesy."
    s "Whaaa?!"
    s "Come on, [player], why are you so jaded?"
    mc "How do you know what that word means, dummy?"
    s "Hehehe, because! I have to look up all the words I can use to describe you when you're being a jerk!"
    s "I can't just use "meanie" all the time, it loses its effects."
    mc "Ahaha, you're so silly, Sayori."
    s "Ehehe~! So please, [player], can you tell me your favorite part?"
    mc "Well, I guess the part when they find out that the wizard was just some dude behind a curtain made me laugh."
    s "Hehe~! I liked that part too."
    mc "Well, I guess I gotta ask now."
    mc "What was your favorite part of it?"
    s "...Um, well..."
    s "It's kind of embarrassing."
    mc "I won't laugh, I promise."
    s "Okay..."
    s "I think my favorite part was that song the girl sang super early in the movie."
    s "I wish I knew the words to it."
    mc "We can look it up when we get home."
    s "Okay!"
    s "And then do you think we could maybe..."
    s "Sing it together?"
    mc "Heheh...never in a million years, Sayori."

{back to present day}
    "..."
    "The truth is, even though I didn't like the movie a whole lot, I remember the song really well."
    "To this day, I remember the words."
    "In fact, there are times where I feel like I'm always hearing that song in my sleep."
    "I told Sayori I'd never sing it with her in a million years."
    "Well, given everything that we've been through since that day, and everything we've been through these last few months..."
    "It's already felt like a million years have passed."

    "..."
    mc "...{i}somewhere...over the rainbow..."
    mc "{i}Way up high..."
    mc "{i}There's a land that I heard of..."
    mc "{i}Once in a lullabye..."
  
    mcs "{i}Somewhere...over the rainbow..."
    mcs "{i}Skies are blue..."
    mcs "{i}And the dreams that you dare to dream..."
    mcs "{i}Really do come true..."

    mcs "{i}Someday I'll wish upon a star and wake up where the clouds are far behind me..."
    mcs "{i}Where troubles melt like lemon drops, away above the chimney tops..."
    mcs "{i}That's where you'll find me..."

    s "..."
    s "You...said...you'd never sing that song with me."
    s "I...didn't even think you'd remember it..."
    mc "Sayori, of course I remember it."
    s "Because it's a really popular movie song?"
    mc "No...because that song reminds me of you..."
    mc "That song is a memory for me."
    mc "A memory of the two of us that I've held dear to me forever."
    mc "Sayori, you've been in my life since the very beginning, and I don't want {i}this{/i} to be our bitter end."
    mc "I need you in my life, Sayori."
    mc "I don't care that you think you're holding me down, because I'll always deny it."
    mc "I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I abandoned you."
    mc "That's why I'll always be there for you, and I want you there for me."
    mc "Even if it's for a million years."
    s "[player]..."
    "Sayori leaps onto me."
    "She knows now that she's always been important to me, and she always will be."
    s "I'm sorry I tried pushing you away, [player]."
    s "The rainclouds, they just won't stop shouting at me."
    mc "Then..."
    mc "I guess I'll just have to shout louder."
    mc "AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"
    s "Ehehehe~! [player]!"
    s "You're so silly!"
    mc "I LOVE YOU SAYORIIIIII!"
    s "I LOVE YOU TOOOO!"
    s "Ahahahaha~!"
    mc "(ahem) Ow, my throat."
    mc "Yeah, not doing that again."
    s "M-maybe I can make it feel better."
    mc "Are you gonna massage my trachea?"
    s "Ewwwwww!"
    s "No! I was just trying to say..."
    s "I wanna kiss you."
    mc "Hehe, yeah, I know."
    "I pull Sayori in, and we kiss."
    "The sense of affection that was missing just a few minutes ago, it's all come rushing back."
    "It's true what they say, as cheesy as it is."
    "{i}You don't know what you've got until it's gone."
    mc "Sayori, do you remember the last time we were here together?"
    mc "We were like 15 or something, right?"
    s "Oh yeah! We were taking walks by ourselves and then ran into each other here."
    mc "That's right! I guess neither of us could resist coming to see this place."
    s "It's always been special to me."
    mc "I wonder why we haven't visited here in so long."
    s "I always thought you or anyone else would make fun of me if I'd asked."
    s "I think it was special to me, but to anyone else it'd be kinda childish."
    mc "You always could've asked."
    s "Yeah...but, we're here now. That's something to be happy about."
    "I smile warmly."
    mc "Yeah."
   "I hold Sayori's hand then walk over to the edge of the pond with her."
    s "Hey, [player]?"
    mc "Yeah?"
    s "That time we were here when we were 15, do you remember when you dared me to go swimming in the pond even though I didn't have a swimsuit?"
    mc "W-what? That isn't what happened! You're the one who dared me!"
    s "I'm pretty sure it was the other way around. I called you a pervert because I thought you just wanted me to get my clothes wet!"
    mc "N-no way! I didn't!...wait, did I?"
    mc "No, I'm almost certain you dared me."
    s "Hehehe~, well whoever dared who doesn't really matter."
    s "What I'm wondering is..."
    s "Do you wanna go skinny dipping now?"
    "..."
    "I think I'm lightheaded."
    mc "B-but Sayori, people might see us! Children live in the neighborhood!"
    s "Come on, [player], it'd be so much fun!"
    s "What have you got to lose?"
    mc "Well, money by virtue of a fine if we're caught, to start."
    s "Don't be such a fuddy duddy, [player]."
    s "This will be a story you'll be able to tell people forever!"
    mc "..."
    mc "Okay, to make you happy..."
    mc "Let's do it."
    s "Hehehehe~!"
    "Sayori very hastily removes her clothes and leaves me almost speechless."
    "I've seen her naked body a bunch of times by this point but there's just something so..."
    "{i}Magical{/i} about it this time."
    "The sunlight shines off her skin giving her the radiance of an angel."
    "Her smile is so bright it would make Nikola Tesla blush."
    "Her breasts look like something out of a Renaissance painting."
    "To be perfectly honest, I'm not even lost in lust at the moment."
    "I'm simply dumbfounded by the beauty that stands in front of me."
    "I go up to Sayori, lift her chin up toward me, and give her a long kiss."
    s "Ehehehe...what was that for?"
    mc "To thank you for being you."
    "Sayori smiles and hugs me, pressing her bare body against the entirety of my person."
    "I clear my throat."
    "If I wasn't lusting over her before, I certainly am now."
    "I finally take my clothes off as well, and she blushes seeing me."
    "I wonder if she's having the same thoughts about my nude body cast in front of the sunset that I was having for her."
    s "Hehehehe~, your butt is flat."
    "Guess not."
    "I laugh, then offer to take Sayori's hand."
    s "Nope!"
    "Sayori goes to my side and shoves me into the water."
   "My teeth immediately start chattering, and Sayori laughs at the squeal I let out."
    mc "H-h-hey! You did that to me when we were y-y-younger too!"
    s "You know what they say, old habits die hard! Ehehehe~!"
    "I stand up from the water, dripping from my neck down to my waist. I reach forward and grab Sayori's hands and begin to pull her in toward me."
    s "Ahahahaha! Noooo!"
    mc "Hey, you're the one who wanted this! Now c'mere!"
    "Sayori continues to laugh uncontrollably as she hits the water and stands in front of me."
    s "J-j-j-j-j-j-jeez, it is r-r-r-r-really c-c-c-c-cold."
    mc "What did I tell you? Ahahaha!"
    "Sayori tries to giggle but her body rejects her request and only produces a small squeak."
    "Finally she gets used to the temperature of the water and she and I begin to have a lot of fun."
    "We start splashing each other, then make our way further into the pond and start swimming normally."
    "This goes on for about 20 minutes before we decide we'll need to leave the water and dry off while the sun is still out."
    "We leave the water and lie next to each other on the grass hoping to dry off as much as possible."
    "I have my arm around her shoulder and she's snuggling into it."
    "I feel particularly macho as she has her hands on my unremarkable chest."
    "The moon starts to make its presence known as its light shines down on the two emotionally and hormonally compromised teenagers."
    "I look at Sayori and smile. Despite the fact that she felt so hurt today, I'm confident I've done a good job at helping her feel good, valuable, and loved."
    "It feels like this is going to mark a new chapter in our relationship."
    mc "It's a new day, Sayori."
    s "Yeah..."
    s "It is."
    mc "We should go home and get changed."
    mc "And you should call [distraction] to let her know you're safe. I'm sure she's worried sick about you."
    s "I will."
    "Sayori and I start walking. Our clothes are pretty damp as we weren't able to completely dry off but it can't be helped."
    "As I reach my front door the exhaustion of the day hits me harder than a truck hitting a cute schoolgirl at the beginning of an isekai series."
    s "Hey, [player], I'm going to go take a shower, and then I have a special surprise for you~"
    mc "O-oh, g-great."
    "There's just too much sexual energy emanating from the two of us right now, I don't know why I even act surprised."
    "Sayori walks inside and goes to shower."
    "I was going to suggest that she shower at her own place so that neither of us would have to wait, but she already took off by the time I was going to speak up."
    "No big deal, maybe I could just shower at her place instead."
    "Besides, I'll probably have to go over there and grab some fresh clothes for her anyway."
    "She's been wearing soiled pajamas since last night."
    mc "Yeah this'll be alright with her I'm sure."
    "I enter Sayori's house and walk up to her bedroom."
    "Man, it really has been a while since I've been here, today's panic search notwithstanding."
    "It's probably been a while since either of us have been here, in fact."
    "Sayori's stuffed cow and bird both greet me with their blank stares as I walk into the room."
    mc "You know, bird, out in the open, I never really liked you."
    "..."
    mc "Speechless again, huh? Coward."
    "I chuckle to myself at my dumb joke, then walk over to Sayori's closet and open it."
    "I try to remember where she puts each type of clothing, but as far as I can tell, everything's as disorganized as ever."
    mc "No wonder I used to clean her room up for her. It really is distracting."
    "Since it's such a free for all in there I don't make much of an effort to find matching pieces of clothing."
    "I just need to grab a shirt, some shorts, and some underwear."
    mc "Do I need to bring a bra?"
    mc "...{i}Nah."
    "I've retrieved a pair of shorts and panties from this mess, but for some reason finding a shirt is proving harder than I expected."
    "At this point I'm just grasping at fabric."
    "And then I feel something else...something kind of...tough? And...frayed?"
    "My curiosity gets the best of me, so I open my hand up to get a better grip on whatever it is I'm feeling, then pull it."
    "It feels really heavy and dense."
    "I put the clothes I had in my right hand down on the floor and grab the object with that hand."
    "Finally after pulling for a few moments, the object begins to see the light of day."
    "I don't fully register what it is until it's on the floor in front of me."
    "..."
    "What the hell...?"
   "{i}What the hell??"
    "Is this a nightmare?"
    "It has to be."
    "Sayori wouldn't have this."
    "What sits in on the floor in front of me is a thick brown rope tied into a noose."
    "This can't be real. My eyes are deceiving me."
    "I refuse to believe what it is I'm looking at."
    "I try to understand the series of events that might've led to Sayori having something like this in her bedroom, but my imagination fails me."
    "All I can do is tear up in massive confusion and fear."
    mc "Sayori..."
    "I barely produce her name before my voice gives out."
    "I decide to grab the noose again to make sure I'm not just hallucinating."
    "The sense of it on my fingertips forces me to flinch and release short breaths."
    "It's real."
    "{i}It's very real."
    mc "Grnghgh..."
    mc "{i}DAMMIT. NO."
    "I've ended up on my knees, and I begin to strike the floor with my open palms in horrifying anguish."
    mc "{i}WHY?"
    mc "{i}WHY?!"
    mc "{i}WHYYYY!!!!"
    "Several moments of silence pass after my meltdown and I'm now sitting on the floor propped up by Sayori's bed."
    "I continue to stare at the noose and all it does is stare back at me, taunting me."
    "As I sit there..."
    {flash Sayori hanging sprite}
    "I think..."
    {flash Sayori hanging sprite}
    "Of Sayori..."
    {flash Sayori hanging sprite}
    "Actually..."
    {flash Sayori hanging sprite}
    "Putting this to use."
    {flash Sayori hanging sprite}
    mc "GET OUT OF MY HEAD!"
    "I can't stand this uncertainty anymore."
    "{i}I have to confront Sayori about this."
    "I cease the staring contest with the deadly rope and pick it up, being reacquainted with its weight."
    "I groan as I lift it up and wrap it in a circle and leave Sayori's bedroom."
    "I know her, and I know this isn't her."
    "I need to hear her explanation for this."
    {BAD ENDING STARTS HERE (scene 10 bad var.)}
	(After "{i}It's very real"
    "After staring at the rope for what feels like days, I decide to call the one person who helped me keep a cool head as of late."
    mc "Hey Monika, sorry for calling you this late at night ."
    m "No worries [player], what's up?"
    mc "Can you meet me at Sayori's place? There's something here I need your help with."
    m "Yeah sure, just give me a couple minutes and I'll be right over."
    "Much quicker than expected, I hear the doorbell ring."
    "As I head over to answer it, I question if this was the right thing to do after all."
    "Eh, too late to turn back now."
    "I answer the door and greet Monika."
    mc "Good, you're here. Follow me."
    "I lead her directly to Sayoris room and grab the noose off the floor."
    "She doesn't look surprised, only angry."
    mc "Why would she do this?"
    m "Well, only one way to find out, where is she right now?"
    mc "At my house, waiting for me to get her some clothes."
    m "Let's go."
	"I run back to my house with Monika in tow."
	"Visions of Sayori hanging from the ceiling still taint my mind."
	"Nothing feels real anymore."
	"When was she planning on using this.."
	"I can't even bring myself to even properly address the noose."
	"I practically break down my own front door"
	"My emotions are too strong now to even really register the trail of flower petals leading up to my bedroom door."
	"I trample over her romantic gesture during my stampede to my room."
	"Nothing matters but making it to Sayori."
	"Nothing matters {i}but{/i} Sayori."
	"I storm upstairs and into my room."
	"Sayori's sitting on the bed patiently."
	"I instantly notice that she's got some special lingerie panties on."
	mc "So... that's what was in the bag, eh?"
	"Sayoris face turns red as she notices Monika behind me and she covers herself with the blanket ."
	mc "I... I would probably appreciate that, normally."
	mc "Right now, this just feels like a lie..."
	m "You could've asked for help, instead you decided to hide this and make things worse for you down the line."
	m "You couldn't even do the simple task of returning my jacket on time."
	m "[player] tries so hard to make you happy and {i/}this{i} is how you repay him?!?"
	"I notice that Sayori is starting to tear up."
	mc "Hey, uhhh Monika?"
	m "All you do is try to make others happy, but for once in your life, did you ever stop and think that maybe what we want is for you to be open to us?!?"
	mc "I think you're taking this a bit far."
	m "Shut up, [player]. I'm talking to Sayori."
	s "Fine then."
	s "You want me to be open? I'll be open."
	s "No matter how hard I try, no matter who I talk to, it always ends the same way."
	s "So why bother?"
	s "All I do is fuck over everyone else's feelings. So why even try to feign happiness?"
	s "[player], thanks for tonight, but I'm going home."
	mc "Sayori wait."
	s "No, it's obvious no one thinks I can do anything."
	s "Everything you said or did tonight was in pity wasn't it?"
	"Sayori runs off down the stairs with tears streaming down her cheeks"
	mc "Sayori come back!"
	m "Let her go, [player]. She's not worth it."
	"I disagree, but Monika stands in the doorway, stopping me from going after her."
	"While I'd never admit to it out loud, I doubt I can beat Monika in a fight."
	"But I still have to go after Sayori."
	"I try to get around her but she keeps moving to block any attempts I make at getting out."
	"After about a minute of scuffling like that, I start to get pissed off and push Monika to the side and leap down the stairs as I hear her fall to the ground."
	mc "Huh, maybe I'm stronger than I thought."
	"As I reach the front door, I see that Sayori is nowhere to be found,"
	"She probably went home in the time it took me to get past Monika."
	mc "FUCK!"
	"I run across the street, too anxious to think straight."
	"Panting, I stop in front of Sayori's closed front door."
	"I pound on Sayori's door a few times before I hear her voice from the other side of the door."
	s "I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE, [PLAYER]!"
	s "{i}EVERY SINGLE TIME{i} I START TO GET MY SHIT TOGETHER, I MESS UP SOMEHOW AND RUIN EVERYTHING!"
	mc "Sayori, listen-"
	s "NO! I know what you're about to say, I don't want to hear it."
	s "I'm just...tired."
	s "Leave. Now."
	mc "Sayori, if I leave now I'm not coming back. If you don't want my support just tell me. I want you to be happy, and if that means that I have to make you cry a couple of times to get there I will."
	s "It's not that I don't want you with me, I just don't think it's worth it anymore."
	s "Please, I'm begging you, just go."
	mc "Fine then, I'll see you at school then, ok?"
	s "Sure."
	mc "I turn around and head back home, hoping that she'll be feeling better by tomorrow."
	"Since it's getting late and I'm exhausted, I decide to go to sleep for the night."
	"I get to my room and climb into bed, only to feel like someone's watching me and that I forgot something important."
	"I flip myself over, only to see a furious Monika looming over my bed."
	m "What the fuck was that all about?!?"
	m "[player], do you realize what you did??"
	mc "Do I realize what I did?"
	mc "Yes, Monika, I did what I had to so I could go help my best friend."
	m "And were you not listening? There's a reason I was telling you she isn't worth this!"
	mc "That's not your decision to make. This isn't your house, either, so get out before I call the cops."
	"She pauses."
	"After a few moments, she leaves the room, and presumably my house entirely."
	"Annoyed, I turn back over to sleep."

	"I wake up the next morning with the looming sensation that I'm gonna be in for a rough day."
	"After lazing around in bed for an hour, I finally decide to get up and get ready for school."
	"As I eat my breakfast, I recall last night's events and start to get worried about Sayori."
	mc "I guess I'd better go check up on her."
	"I get into my uniform and head over to her house."
	"I knock on her door a couple times, but don't get an answer."
	"Just in case, I try opening the door, even though Sayori had it locked last night."
	"To my surprise, her front door is unlocked, so I decide to go inside and look for her."
	mc "Sayori! Wake up, we have school today!"
	mc "I'm leaving your breakfast on the kitchen counter for when you get ready!"
	"I get no answer other than the sound of her falling out of bed, so I assume she got the message and then I head off to school."
	"The day passes by uneventfully, save the few awkward hours where I share a class with Sayori."
	"As classes finally end, I head over to the clubroom."
	"As I enter, I'm greeted by Natsuki, Yuri, and Monika, the last of whom I avoid eye contact with."
	"Natsuki seizes the opportunity to walk up to me with an accusatory look on her face."
	n "Sayori was acting weird today. What happened?"
	mc "...What makes you think I'd know?"
	n "You're her boyfriend. That's the kind of thing you should keep track of."
	"I excuse Natsuki's flawed logic for a moment."
	mc "Look, I... I don't know if I'd consider myself her boyfriend anymore."
	n "What??? What did you do to her, [player]?!?"
	"Natsuki freaks out on me."
	mc "Hey, why do you assume I did something to her?"
	mc "For all you know, she could have broken up with me!"
	n "As if! I know Sayori, and she's far too much of a pushover to do something like that."
	"Are you defending her or insulting her?"
	n "Tell me what happened! You better not have hurt her!"
	mc "I'm really not in the mood for this. Look, can you just leave me alone?"
	n "...!"
	"She doesn't seem happy to do it, but she turns and walks away from me."
	"Yuri is the only one in the room who isn't looking at me with scorn."
	"She looks like she wants to say something but can't find the courage to say it."
	mc "Well then it looks like I'm no longer welcome here. Guess I'll take my leave."
	n "Fine then, go! See if any of us care!"
	"I leave the clubroom, making as little eye contact as possible with everyone."
	"Everything is crumbling right before my eyes."
	"My relationship, my friendships, the literature club, and I can't do a thing about it."
	"I have to go fix this however I can."
	"Sayori's behavior yesterday was alarming, but I think I can get through to her."
	"I just regret letting my emotions take over. I should've been stronger for her."
	"But it isn't too late. I still have time to fix this."
	"I love Sayori, as much as she says she doesn't want me to."
	"I have to be there for her, and I'll be damned if I don't at least try."
	"After leaving literature club early, I make my way back to my neighborhood with the assumption that Sayori is at her house."
	"Strange, she's hardly spent any time at her house in the time that we've been dating. It feels like I'm starting again from square one."
	"I walk into Sayori's house and call out to her."
	mc "Sayori! Are you home?"
	"I don't get any answer, as I expected, unfortunately."
	"I walk up the stairs and knock on her bedroom door at the end of the hall."
	mc "Sayori, it's me. I think we need to talk."
	"She doesn't say anything, but I hear her take a deep breath on the other side of the door."
	mc "Sayori, I'm sorry for how I behaved yesterday. And I'm sorry for the way Monika acted."
	s "..."
	s "Please go."
	mc "Sayori, please, I can't just let you close yourself off from everyone."
	mc "Natsuki is worried about you. Doesn't that matter to you?"
	mc "Me and Yuri are worried about you. And deep down I'm sure Monika is, too."
	mc "I want to help you, but you have to be the one to take that step."
	s "Who says I want to take that step?"
	s "I'd rather give up and stop trying. That way nobody needs to feel worried for me anymore."
	"This is so difficult, and I hate that it's that way."
	"From inside the room I can hear Sayori's stomach grumble. Loudly."
	mc "Sayori, did you eat anything today?"
	s "..."
	s "No."
	mc "Why don't we get you something to eat?"
	s "..."
	mc "I'll...take that as a yes."
	"I go downstairs and search Sayori's pantry for something to feed her."
	"I find a cup of instant noodles and prepare it, then return upstairs a few minutes later."
	mc "Sayori, I made you something. It's not much but you need to eat."
	s "..."
	s "Just leave it on the floor."
	mc "Do you promise me you're going to eat it?"
	s "..."
	mc "Sayori--"
	s "Yes, I promise. Now will you please leave me be?"
	"I sigh."
	mc "Okay. I'm going to check in on you later, though."
	mc "I...I love you, Sayori."
	s "..."
	"It was wishful thinking to think she'd reply to that."
	"The fact that we're at that point crushes me, but I can't afford to put my feelings over hers right now."
	"I return home, then fall asleep several hours later."
	"The next day, I go to school and things are more or less the same. However, Sayori didn't show up to our first class. She eventually showed up, but after lunch."
	"Literature club was cold and quiet, and nobody wanted to talk. It's obvious when Sayori isn't around that things are much more glum."
	"Natsuki and I wordlessly exchange a look of disdain and concern as we both leave literature club."
	"I return to my neighborhood to check up on Sayori once again."
	"I walk up the stairs and approach her bedroom door, but I notice something."
	"The instant noodles are still on the ground where I left them, cold and completely uneaten."
	mc "Sayori!"
	mc "You told me you were going to eat this!"
	mc "Why would you lie to me?!"
	s "Because all I do is disappoint people. Haven't you figured it out?"
	mc "SAYORI. YOU'RE DOING THIS TO YOURSELF."
	s "THEN DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND STOP CARING."
	mc "HOW CAN I DO THAT WHEN YOU'RE ACTING THIS WAY?!"
	s "[player], I've made up my mind. Leave. Stop checking up on me like I'm a rescue puppy."
	s "Just go away."
	mc "Sayori--"
	s "Will you just go already?"
	mc "Sayori--!"
	"The door swings open, and I nearly fall over in shock."
	"Sayori appears in front of me, then she looks at me with a look of anger I've never seen."
	s "Leave."
	s "And never..."
	s "{i}Ever come back!"
	mc "..."
	mc "Sayori..."
	mc "What about...ending up over the rainbow?"
	s "..."
	s "I had my chance to do that. And I blew it."
	s "There's no happy ending for me."
	s "And if you insist on constantly trying to fix me, then you're going to deprive yourself of your own happy ending."
	s "So leave right now, and start over without me."
	s "I'm a hopeless case."
	"..."
	"I don't want to adhere to her demands whatsoever."
	"But the look in her eyes, the tone of her voice, the sheer hopelessness portrayed by her body language..."
	"It's like she's already a lost cause."
	"I don't think even the strongest person could fix this without a miracle."
	"Sayori..."
	"The girl I knew..."
	"The girl I {i}loved."
	"That Sayori is gone."
	"She's a shell of herself."
	"I failed her."
	"I walk out of Sayori's house, and accept defeat."
	"I couldn't protect her from herself."
	"I royally screwed up."
	"Maybe it was never meant to be."
	"There's no more 'over the rainbow' for Sayori."
	"Only rainclouds."

{ END OF SAYORI ROUTE - BAD ENDING ACHIEVED }



label sayoriroute54:
	"I run back to my house drowning in tears."
	"Visions of Sayori hanging from the ceiling still taint my mind."
	"Nothing feels real anymore."
	"When was she planning on using this...?"
	"I can't even bring myself to even properly address the noose."
	"I practically break down my own front door"
	"My emotions are too strong now to even really register the trail of flower petals leading up to my bedroom door."
	"I trample over her romantic gesture during my stampede to my room."
	"Nothing matters but making it to Sayori."
	"Nothing matters {i}but{/i} Sayori."
	"I storm upstairs and into my room."
	"Sayori's sitting on the bed patiently."
	"I instantly notice that she's got some special lingerie panties on."
	mc "So... that's what was in the bag, eh?"
	"Sayori smiles and nods happily, but it fades as my expression contorts."
	mc "I... I would probably appreciate that, normally."
	mc "Right now, this just feels like a lie..."
	mc "You made this great display about showing yourself in very little..."
	mc "All while hiding something massive."
	"She tilts her head in confusion, which turns to shock as I reveal the rope."
	"All color flushes from her face."
	s "No..."
	s "How..."
	mc "You better explain yourself {i}right now.{/i}"
	s "I..."
	"I can tell she's trying her best not to bawl."
	"Her change in her usual tone must be a testament to how much gravity this has for her."
	"My lips start to quiver."
	"My jaws are clenched so tightly it feels like my teeth are about to shatter."
	s "..."
	s "I can't say I really even wanted to use that noose."
	"She looks off for a second to collect herself."
	"Tears are welling up in her eyes more than mine."
	"I start to loosen up, and I drop the noose."
	s "It's odd."
	s "The day I planned to die, was the day my life truly began."
	"Does she mean...?"
	s "The night before the festival, something was wrong."
	s "I should have been happy. I was finally loved by the person who meant the most to me."
	s "But when I went back inside after we were finally a couple...something started to say things in the back of my head."
	s "Things that all had to do with my death."
	s "These voices that told me to die..."
	s "I hated them."
	s "I thought killing myself would get them to finally go away."
	s "To get them out of my head."
	s "Of course, I could have just lived with them for your sake."
	s "But I also worried that living with this would hurt you, so in my rush, I thought it could solve two problems."
	s "So, that night, I tied the noose and planned to wake up early to finally hang myself."
	s "I was too tired at night to go through with it."
	s "But I slept in."
	s "And then, you woke me up."
	s "I was given a reason to stay one more day... one more week... one more month."
	s "Eventually, I pretty much refused the fact that I tried to kill myself and left the noose in my closet, and it's been there all this time..."
	s "Until now."
	s "I'm so sorry, [player]."
	s "I should have told you sooner."
	s "I know this sounds pretty stupid now, but I didn't want to hurt you if you found out."
	"I feel betrayed, in a sense. I told her she could talk to me about anything at all. So why would she hide this from me? "
	"I finally loosen all the way up, and embrace Sayori back."
	mc "Sayori..."
	s "Shh."
	s "I'm sorry... really..."
	s "You're gonna ask for me to promise to never try again, aren't you..."
	s "I... I wanna do that..."
	s "I wanna do what will help you feel better..."
	"Sayori's utterly bawling. She can barely speak through the tears."
	s "But I can't."
	s "I wanna be better so bad."
	s "I wish the dark clouds would just blow away."
	s "It's just that... I can't do that... I can't make you feel better."
	s "I can't even make myself feel better... so what's the point of trying...?"
	mc "... But I promise to always be there to try my best... to chase those clouds away myself."
	mc "I refuse to let you succumb to the rain ever again."
	"Sayori starts to tremble in my arms."
	"I realize that I may have blown things a little out of proportion." 
	"After all, if she was going to use that noose, she had every opportunity to use it today."
	"Instead she chose to give me, and above all herself, a chance."
	mc "Now, how about instead of fucking like the sex crazed animals we are, we burn this rope so that we never have to lay eyes on it again?"
	s "Yeah, I think it's time to accept and move on from this near-catastrophe."
	"We go to the backyard and get everything set up; oil, matches, paper, and some rocks to attempt to keep sparks from hitting the grass and burning down the house." 
	mc "Will you do the honors, Sayori?"
	"Sayori looks at me with tears in her eyes and giggles."
	s "Why yes, [player] I'd love to."
	"She pours a little oil over some paper and the rope, strikes a match, and lights the rope on fire."
	"As we watch this wretched thing burn, I finally feel like I won't have to worry about Sayori killing herself anymore."
	"As the last of the rope turns to ash, I notice that this entire time, Sayori was still naked."

#{End scene}

#{Scene 11 -- Good Ending} #If variable is greater than a certain number TBD

    "I'd never had a more physically, emotionally, mentally, and spiritually exhausting day in my life before yesterday happened."
    "A lot of events took place that I'd care to not relive, but the fact of the matter is, Sayori and I took steps toward putting her depression down for good."
    "The keyword there is 'steps.'"
    "I'd be foolish to think I can heal her myself, in the span of like a day, no less."
    "Once Sayori is more comfortable, I'll talk to her about finally going to therapy and getting prescriptions in order to help mend her depression."
    "It's about time I stop trying to act like a superhero, and simply act as a boyfriend, and only do everything {i}within{/i} my power to make Sayori's life easier."
    "I sit up from my bed and stand next to it, then tap Sayori on the shoulder."
    mc "Sayori."
    "She opens her eyes and groans."
    s "Hmmnn...what is it?"
    mc "It's Monday, we have school, remember?"
    s "Ungh, okay, fiiine."
    "Sayori stands up quickly, then gives me a kiss on the cheek."
    s "If it wasn't for you, I'd never wake up on time."
    mc "Hey, you've woken up before me a couple times."
    s "Exactly. You're the only reason I wake up."
    mc "Hey, Sayori, if we keep working on getting you better, I promise you'll see you have a lot more to live for than just me."
    s "Eheh, you say that like you don't want me to care about you anymore."
    mc "Don't take it that far. I just want you to find that perfect middle ground. Understand?"
    s "Mhmm, I do, [player]. Thank you."
    "Sayori and I get geared up for school, and leave after a few bowls of cereal."
    "After yesterday, it's the only thing either of us have the energy to prepare for breakfast."
    "We head off to school, and drudge through the same tired routine we've been going through for the past number of years."
    "However, after what we've had to go through as of late, some stability is more than welcome."
    "After classes end for the day, I go to meet Sayori down the hall from the Literature Club."
    s "Hey."
    mc "Hey, how was your day after that nightmare in the morning?"
    "Oh yeah, turns out that math test Sayori and I were stressing over was actually today."
    "We walked into the room to find our teacher writing the time limit on the board, and the rest of our classmates reviewing concepts with each other at the last second."
    "Sayori and I tried to keep our cool and act like we were prepared, but that wasn't the case. Both of us started dying inside."
    s "Heh...it was fine. But all things considered I think I did okay on that test."
    mc "Y-yeah, s-so did I."
    "My lying skills seem to have gotten worse since last week."
    s "Oh yeah, the weirdest thing happened to me today at lunch."
    s "I got all my food, then I got money of out my purse to pay, and then the lunch lady said,"
    s "'Don't worry about it, hun. It's taken care of.'"
    mc "Wait, so you didn't have to pay for your lunch?"
    s "Nope! I don't know why, but I was pretty happy."
    s "We must have a really sweet lunch lady! I can't believe I never knew!"
    mc "Yeah, that must be the case."
    "That's pretty peculiar, but I think Sayori's giving the lunch lady a little too much credit."
    "Not to say she isn't a nice person, but I have a feeling there's some other reason for that."
    "In any case, I take Sayori's hand and we walk in through the door of the Literature Club to find it...empty?"
    mc "Uh...did Monika cancel club again?"
    s "Huh, I don't think so. We didn't get a note or any texts."
    "The light is still off, so I decide to flip it on."
    "Then, the next moment..."
    a "SURPRISE!"
    s "Whoa!!"
    mc "What the--?!"
    "The other girls jump out from behind desks and the closet and just about give us heart attacks."
    "I look around the room some more and see a big tray of cupcakes on the teacher's desk, and above it hangs a big cotton candy-colored banner reading in big block letters 'Welcome Back Sayori!'"
    "Is this...a party?"
    m "Did we startle you two?"
    mc "Uh...yeah, kind of!"
    s "W-what is all this, you guys?"
    n "Well, when we heard that you found Sayori, we just had to celebrate!"
    m "I thought it was a little over the top, but we thought you deserved it."
    y "After all, you've done nothing but try to make us smile for a long time now."
    y "So think of this as a celebration of our friendships with you, Sayori."
    m "What Yuri said!"
    m "Sayori, you're an amazing vice president, and more importantly someone I hold very dear to me."
    n "Same here, Sayori, but...you already know that. Ehehe~!"
    n "We just...thought we'd show you how much we really appreciate you."
    n "So I made these cupcakes!"
    y "And I designed this banner."
    m "And I..."
    m "Told them to do those things."
    m "Ahaha~!"
    m "Oh yeah, I also paid for your lunch today. Just a little pre-celebration treat from me~"
    m "But really, Sayori...thank you for being you."
    y "You're the most wonderful person we know."
    n "And we're all so lucky to call you our friend."
    a "We love you, Sayori!"
    "..."
    s "You guys!!!"
    "The girls all group hug, and I feel so happy in my heart."
    "I didn't ever imagine the girls would do something like this for her, but I'm glad they did."
    "They're proving to Sayori what I've known all along."
    "That life just wouldn't be the same without our bundle of sunshine."
    s "Guys...I don't know what to say."
    s "I can't possibly repay you all back enough for this."
    m "You don't need to do anything of the sort, Sayori."
    n "We wanted to do this."
    y "If anything, this isn't nearly enough to repay you for all that you've done."
    mc "They're right, Sayori. Even me, I could spend every minute of every day saying thank you, and it wouldn't be enough."
    mc "Now you know what I've been saying, right?"
    mc "The girls all value you as much as I do."
    mc "You've done an amazing job making us all endlessly happy."
    mc "You've spent all this time playing a sort of game, hiding your feelings from us in order to protect ours."
    mc "But Sayori, that's a game with no winners, and we've reached game over."
    mc "It's time for you to be your true self. You don't need to jump through hoops for us like you think you do."
    s "[player]...thank you for saying that. It means the world to me."
    s "Monika, Natsuki, Yuri...you're all the most amazing friends a girl could want."
    s "Even if we've had our differences, you've all been true to me all this time."
    s "And...if there's one thing I can do to make it up to you guys, it's this..."
    s "I have to be true to myself, and to each of you."
    s "So...here's the real truth."
    s "I...have depression."
    "The other three girls have varying expressions."
    "Monika seems almost sad, but like she already kind of knew."
    "Yuri seems to be at peace, like she also already knew."
    "Natsuki looks to be the most surprised, and she could start to tear up at any moment."
    s "When I invited [player] to this club, I had all of you in mind."
    s "I wanted him to come and make all of you happy like he'd done for me all my life."
    s "I wanted nothing more than for all of my friends to be happy."
    s "I did that so much that I forgot how to be happy without expending all my energy on everyone else."
    s "Eventually the rainclouds started moving in so much that all I could do was get drained."
    s "The rainclouds kept having their way with me, and it even got to a point where..."
    s "Where I considered..."
    s "That's...not important."
    s "The point is, [player] helped me to see things differently."
    s "And thanks to him, the rainclouds finally parted. I don't know for how long, but..."
    s "Thanks to all of you, I think I've reached a point where I can finally..."
    s "Find myself...over the rainbow."
return
#{Roll credits}
#{END OF SAYORI ROUTE - GOOD ENDING ACHIEVED}
